Alright! Your app is running, so let's actually work
with it. Three commands cover the daily loop.
Tunnel opens your app in a browser, term runs
commands inside the sandbox, and sync
moves files in and out. That's
the whole daily workflow.
First, the tunnel command. The app runs
on the server, not your laptop. The tunnel
command forwards a container port over SSH
so you can open it at localhost in your browser.
Port forwarded. The app is now reachable at
localhost.
With the tunnel running,
the app opens right in your browser.
For this demo we load rediacc.com,
the same way you would reach your own app
served straight from the container.
Second, the term command. The terminal
connect command drops you into the repo sandbox
, the same isolated view as VS Code. Run
any command against this repo Docker daemon
without leaving your terminal.
Inside the repo sandbox. Run anything
as if you were SSH'd in.
Now we will move files. First a dry
-run preview. It shows exactly what would
change without copying anything. Always preview
when you are not sure.
Preview only. No files moved yet.
And the upload for real. The sync upload command
moves files from your laptop into the repo
over SSH, with rsync delta compression
. Tunnel, term, sync. Three commands
cover the daily loop.
Files uploaded. Delta compression handles
big trees.
And that's the daily three. See
you in the next one!